- I HIRED SPYDER, MAN.
- LISTEN, DID YOU TELL EDDIE?
EDDIE IS THE HEAD
OF THE DESIGN DEPARTMENT.
- MR. KRAFI',
THE ARTISTIC DIRECTOR,
HE LIKED IT--
WE'RE IN THE READING SERIES.
- JASMINE,
WHY DON'T YOU SHARE
YOUR VISION FOR YOUR MARRIAGE
IN TEN YEARS?
- I'M THINKING
ABOUT BUYING A HOUSE,
IN HOPES THAT JASMINE WILL WANT
TO COME LIVE IN IT WITH ME.
- SHE'S 16 YEARS OLD.
HE'S HAVING SEX.
THERE'S NOTHING
I CAN DO ABOUT IT.
- IT'S WHEN
THEY'RE PUSHING YOU AWAY,
IT'S WHEN THEY'RE TELLING YOU
THEY KNOW BETTER--
THAT'S WHEN
YOU HAVE TO SHOW UP.
NOW I'M AFRAID IT'S TOO LATE.
[tires screeching]
[cell phone vibrating]
- HELLO?
[sad music]
- I SEE MYSELF
IN YOU
IN EVERYTHING...
- HEY, DAD, IT'S ME AGAIN.
SHE'S STILL IN SURGERY.
WE DON'T REALLY KNOW ANYTHING.
BUT I GUESS JUST CALL ME BACK
WHENEVER YOU GET THIS.
BYE.
- WHEN YOU'RE ALL ALONE
AT NIGHT...
[door closes]
- HEY, WE BROUGHT YOU THESE.
- HEY, UH...
- HEY.
- HERE YOU GO.
- THANKS.
- YOU SHOULD TRY TO EAT
SOMETHING IF YOU CAN.
I KNOW THIS IS THE HARD PART,
YOU KNOW, THE WAITING,
NOT KNOWING
WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN.
BUT JUST THINK POSITIVE.
SHE'LL PULL THROUGH.
SHE'S A STRONG GIRL.
- THANKS.
- THANK YOU.
- MM-HMM.
- DAMN,
HE'S GOOD IN A CRISIS.
- YEAH, HE'S GREAT.
- HADDIE
LOOKS SO DIFFERENT.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"DIFFERENT"?
- JUST...GROWN UP.
SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
- HEY, SWEETIE.
- OH, THANKS FOR COMING.
- OF COURSE.
- HEY.
- HOW ARE YOU?
THANKS FOR COMING.
- I WANT TO EAT.
- ALL RIGHT,
LET'S SEE WHAT THEY HAVE HERE.
- NO, DAD, YOU SAID THAT
WE COULD GO TO GET PANCAKES,
AND NOW I'VE BEEN HERE
FOR AN HOUR AND A HALF...
- LOOK AT THIS.
- AND I WANT TO GO.
- MAX, WE HAVE DANISHES--
- NO, I DON'T WANT A DANISH.
- MAX, TAKE IT EASY.
THIS IS ONE OF THOSE TIMES WHERE
YOU HAVE TO BE PATIENT, OKAY?
WE'RE HERE FONIBAMBER AND--
YOU SAID THAT AMBER
WASN'T GONNA DIE, RIGHT?
SO IF AMBER'S
NOT GONNA DIE, THEN--
YOU KNOW,
EVEN IF SHE WAS GONNA DIE,
WE'RE NOT DOCTORS--
WE CAN'T DO ANYTHING TO HELP.
SITTING HERE
RIGHT NOW ISN'T HELPING.
- THIS IS ONE OF THESE THINGS
WE TALKED ABOUT.
THIS IS WHAT IT MEANS--
- I'M HUNGRY!
- OKAY, WE HAVE
TO BE THERE FOR EACH OTHER,
AND RIGHT NOW
WE'RE HERE FOR AMBER.
- NO, DAD, I DON'T CARE
ABOUT AMBER RIGHT NOW.
- MAX, PLEASE DON'T SAY THAT.
- I'M HUNGRY,
AND I WANT TO EAT NOW!
- HEY, MAX!
- DON'T CAUSE A SCENE, OKAY?
- THEN GET
A FRICKIN' DANISH, OKAY?
- SHUT UP, GRANDPA!
- MAX!
- DON'T TELL ME TO SHUT UP.
- MAX. I'M SO SORRY.
LET'S TAKE A BREAK.
- DAD, I WANT FOOD!
- I'M GONNA GIVE HIM
A BREAK, OKAY?
DON'T.
PLEASE DON'T HIT ME.
STOP IT.
MAX, STOP.
OUT.
-AH!
-STOP.
- MRS. BRAVERMAN?
SHE'S A VERY,
VERY LUCKY GIRL.
SHE HAS A SMALL INJURY
TO HER SPLEEN,
NO INTERNAL DAMAGE,
A BROKEN RIB,
AND--AND A CRACKED WRIST.
- THAT'S--OKAY.
CAN WE SEE HER?
- SHE'S SEDATED.
SHE'S NOT CONSCIOUS.
- I DON'T CARE.
- YEAH.
COME ON IN.
- WHEN YOU
WILL TAKE MY HAND
AND I WILL UNDERSTAND
- SHE'S OKAY.
SHE'S OKAY.
HI, HONEY.
WE'RE HERE, HONEY.
[crying]
YOU'RE OKAY.
- MAY GOD BLESS
AND KEEP YOU ALWAYS
AND MAY YOUR WISHES
ALL COME TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS DO
FOR OTHERS
AND LET OTHERS DO
FOR YOU
MAY YOU BUILD A LADDER
TO THE STARS
AND CLIMB
ON EVERY RUNG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU GROW UP
TO BE RIGHTEOUS
TO BE TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS KNOW
THE TRUTH
AND SEE THE LIGHTS
SURROUNDING YOU
MAY YOU ALWAYS BE
COURAGEOUS
STAND UPRIGHT
AND BE STRONG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU STAY
[monitor beeping]
- [breathes deeply]
- HONEY...
HONEY, IT'S MOM.
IT'S MOM AND DREW.
YOU'RE OKAY.
JUST TRY NOT TO BREATHE
TOO DEEP, OKAY?
- WHAT?
- HONEY, YOU WERE
IN AN ACCIDENT, BUT YOU'RE OKAY.
- WHAT'S HAPPENING?
- BREATHE REAL EASY.
- YOU'RE JUST FINE.
YOU'RE GONNA BE JUST FINE.
AND YOUR FRIEND
IS--IS COMPLETELY FINE.
IT'S GONNA HURT.
- I CAN'T...
- MAYBE YOU SHOULD GET
THE NURSE, HUH?
WE'RE GONNA GET YOU
SOMETHING FOR THE PAIN, HONEY,
BUT EVERYTHING IS OKAY--
YOU HEAR ME?
- H-HOW...
- YOU'RE A LUCKY GIRL, HONEY.
YOU'RE A LUCKY GIRL.
- AH.
- I MADE YOU
AN APPOINTMENT.
- EXCUSE ME?
FOR WHAT?
- MY GYN ECOLOGIST.
- OKAY.
- YOU'RE HAVING SEX, YOU KNOW.
YOU HAVE TO GET CHECKED.
YOU NEED A PAP SMEAR.
YOU NEED TO GET...
- BIRTH CONTROL, YOU HAVE TO GET
CHECKED FOR THINGS.
- OKAY, STOP.
MOM, JUST STOP RIGHT NOW.
JUST, LIKE, I'LL DO IT,
BUT I DON'T--
- I'M JUST SAYING.
- WE DON'T HAVE TO TALK ABOUT IT
RIGHT NOW.
- I LOVE HER, JOEL.
- WELL, CALL ME LATER
AND LET ME KNOW.
I'LL TALK TO YOU LATER.
- BYE.
- OKAY, WE'LL SEE YOU.
[siren wails]
- HEY, JASMINE...
UM, THANKS FOR BEING HERE
WITH MY FAMILY.
- OH, OF COURSE.
I LOVE YOUR FAMILY.
- LISTEN, I, UM--
I BOUGHT A HOUSE.
- CONGRATULATIONS.
- NO, NO.
FOR--FOR YOU.
- FOR ME?
- I SOLD THE HOUSEBOAT,
AND I SOLD MY MOTORCYCLE,
AND JOEL AND I HAVE BEEN
WORKING REALLY HARD ON IT,
AND I THINK
IT'S GONNA TURN OUT...
REALLY BEAUTIFUL.
- CROSBY, YOU CAN'T BUY
YOUR WAY OUT OF WHAT YOU DID.
- I-I'M NOT TRYING TO BUY
MY WAY OUT OF ANYTHING.
- [sighs]
JUST LET ME GO.
- LISTEN, I WASN'T
EVEN GONNA TELL YOU,
ESPECIALLY NOT HERE IN
THE PARKING LOT OF A HOSPITAL,
BUT, YOU KNOW, I SAW YOU INSIDE,
AND I JUST FELT LIKE...
I DON'T KNOW--JUST--
COULD YOU JUST--
COULD YOU COME LOOK AT IT?
COULD YOU COME OVER AND LOOK?
AND I THINK WE'RE DOING
A PRE'ITY GOOD JOB.
WE'RE GETTING THERE.
I MEAN, WE DON'T HAVE
THE POT OF GOLD YET,
AND YOU'RE NOT IN IT,
BUT...
YOU KNOW,
I THINK IT'S A START.
- I DON'T--
I DON'T KNOW.
- ALL RIGHT,
HEY, HEY, THAT'S ENOUGH.
LISTEN, MAX.
I WANT TO...TALK TO YOU
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED BEFORE
AT THE HOSPITAL.
- I'M EATING.
- THE THING IS, MAX,
WE'RE PART OF A FAMILY.
AND WHEN SOMETHING HAPPENS
TO SOMEBODY IN THE FAMILY,
LIKE WHAT HAPPENED TO AMBER,
WE WANNA BE THERE FOR THEM.
DOESN'T MATTER HOW HUNGRY
WE ARE OR HOW TIRED WE ARE.
WE WANNA SHOW UP
FOR THE PERSON
THAT'S HAVING TROUBLE.
FAMILY'S THE MOST
IMPORTANT THING IN OUR LIVES.
- MM-HMM.
- SO...
I THINK BECAUSE OF
SOME OF THE THINGS YOU SAID,
IT WOULD BE NICE IF YOU
APOLOGIZED TO YOUR AUNT SARAH.
- I DIDN'T
DO ANYTHING WRONG.
YOU PROMISED ME THAT
WE COULD GO TO GET PANCAKES,
AND THEN YOU
KEPT MAKING ME WAIT.
- MAX, HAVE YOU EVER HEARD
OF THE WORD "EMPATHY?"
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS?
OKAY.
WELL, IT MEANS
THAT WE THINK ABOUT
OTHER PEOPLE'S FEELINGS
WHEN WE DO THINGS--
NOT JUST OUR OWN.
AND THIS IS SOMETHING
THAT YOU STRUGGLE WITH
BECAUSE OF YOUR ASPERGER'S.
SO YOU'RE
NOT DOING ANYTHING WRONG,
AND I JUST WANNA
HELP YOU LEARN EMPATHY.
AND THAT'S WHY I THINK
IT WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA
TO APOLOGIZE
TO AUNT SARAH
FOR SAYING THAT YOU DIDN'T
CARE ABOUT AMBER.
- CAN I HAVE
MORE WHIPPED CREAM?
- YEAH.
- ALL RIGHT,
I MIGHT HAVE TO MISS
THE BEGINNING OF
THIS MEETING.
IF I DO, PLEASE
TAKE EXTENSIVE NOTES.
YEAH, I'M--I'LL
BE THERE AS SOON AS I CAN.
I JUST...
- [breathing]
- I AM AT THE HOSPITAL.
- OH, GOD, HELP ME!
- OKAY, THANK YOU.
- JULIA?
- HI.
- SYDNEY'S MOM.
- YEAH.
- I WAS SYDNEY'S TEACHER
LAST YEAR.
- OH, MY GOD,
MS. WOO.
- YOU CAN CAI-'l-IL ME GRACE.
YOU'RE PREGNANT.
- YEAH, YOU THINK?
OH, GOD! JULIA, THIS BABY
NEEDS TO COME OUT OF ME NOW.
- OKAY,
WE'RE GONNA GET YOU, UM..
- I NEED YOUR HELP.
- WE'RE GONNA GET YOU
TO A NURSE, OKAY?
- I CAN'T GET MY DAMN HUSBAND.
HE'S IN TRIAL.
YOU KNOW, THERE'S NO CELL PHONES
ALLOWED IN THERE.
JUST--I HATE HIM.
YOU KNOW, I JUST
DON'T KNOW WHY I MARRIED HIM.
I HATE LAWYERS.
[deep breath]
- EXCUSE ME.
SHE'S IN LABOR.
- WHO'S YOUR DOCTOR?
- I DON'T KNOW!
- OKAY, WE NEED A WHEELCHAIR.
- GRACE, BREATHE.
IS THIS YOUR FIRST?
- OH, YEAH.
- OKAY.
- I'M ALL BY MYSELF, YOU KNOW.
MY FAMILY--
ALL MY FAMILY'S BACK EAST.
THIS IS TWO WEEKS EARLY.
THIS WASN'T SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN.
- WOW.
WELL, YOU'RE GONNA DO GREAT.
- OKAY.
- STAY WITH ME.
- WHAT?
- WE SHOULD GO.
- PLEASE.
- OKAY.
I'M GONNA GET
YOU CHECKED IN, OKAY?
- THANK YOU.
- UM...
- YOU ARE WONDERFUL.
YOU'RE JUST--YOU'LL GET
THIS THING OUT OF ME, RIGHT?
[knocking]
- HEY.
- ADAM.
- I NEED TO TALK TO YOU.
- DUDE, YOU LOOK LIKE
A WRECK, MAN--WHAT HAPPENED?
- I WAS IN THE HOSPITAL
ALL NIGHT LAST NIGHT.
LISTEN...
- IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
- YEAH, EVERYTHING'S
GONNA BE FINE.
I JUST FOUND OUT
THAT YOU FIRED EDDIE
AND YOU MADE SPYDER
THE HEAD OF THE DESIGN TEAM?
- I DID, INDEED.
LOOK, MAN,
SPYDER--SPYDER'S A GENIUS.
HE'S THE FUTURE
OF THIS COMPANY, OKAY?
- I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY YOU
WOULDN'T CONSULT ME ABOUT THIS.
EDDIE HAS BEEN
WORKING HERE FOR SIX YEARS.
HE'S GOT TWO KIDS.
HE'S BEEN DOING A GREAT JOB.
DID YOU EVEN THINK
ABOUT HIM AS A PERSON?
- I UNDERSTAND
HE'S GOT A FAMILY, OKAY?
BUT WE'RE RUNNING A COMPANY.
THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS,
WE DON'T NEED EDDIE
IN THE DIRECTION
WE'RE MOVING.
- I SEE.
HE'S NOT RADICAL ENOUGH,
HE'S NOT COOL ENOUGH,
HE'S NOT HIP ENOUGH.
- LOOK...
- OR WHATEVER.
- I CAN SEE THAT YOU'RE ANGRY.
- YEAH, I'M ANGRY.
DO YOU WANT ME TO BE A PART
OF RUNNING THIS COMPANY
WITH YOU OR NOT?
- I DO.
- YOU DO?
'CAUSE IT
DOESN'T FEEL LIKE YOU DO.
IT FEELS LIKE
I'M HERE TO SET THINGS UP
FOR YOU TO KNOCK THEM OVER.
THAT'S WHAT
IT FEELS LIKE FOR ME.
I'M HERE TO BE YOUR PATSY.
I'M OLD AND YOU'RE NEW,
AND EVERYTHING
THAT I DO SUCKS,
AND YOU'RE
JUST GONNA KNOCK IT OVER
AND DO SOMETHING ELSE.
THAT SEEMS
TO BE MY ROLE HERE.
SO I'M JUST
GONNA SIT IN MY OFFICE
AND SEE
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT, OKAY?
- OH, MY GOD,
OH, MY GOD!
MOTH ER-FREAKING-
DAM N-HELL-CRAP-BASTARD!
I HATE HIM.
I HATE MY HUSBAND,
I HATE HIM SO MUCH!
HOW CAN THAT SON OF A BITCH
BE ON TRIAL RIGHT NOW?
HE'S NEVER ON TRIAL,
AND I'M WITH CHILD!
- BREATHE, GRACE.
- OH, YEAH.
- OH,
YOU'RE DOING AMAZING.
- [whimpers]
OH, GOD, I'M NOT PREPARED.
I DIDN'T PACK
A CAR SEAT FOR THE BABY.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED
TO TAKE THE BABY HOME?
- IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT, OKAY?
- YOUR CONTRACTIONS
LOOK GREAT, GRACE.
I THINK IT'S TIME TO PUSH.
- UM, I'LL TAKE
THAT EPIDURAL NOW.
- TOO LATE.
- WHAT?
- OKAY, GRACE,
DON'T WORRY.
YOU'RE GOING THROUGH HELL,
AND THEN YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
A BEAUTIFUL, AMAZING BABY.
- I THINK YOU'RE
THE MOST WONDERFUL PERSON
I'VE EVER MET IN MY LIFE.
I THOUGHT
YOU WERE SUCH A BITCH.
- I THOUGHT
YOU WERE A BITCH.
- I WANT A BIG PUSH.
ON ONE...
TWO...
THREE.
- [screaming]
I NEED DRUGS!
- I BROUGHT YOU
SOME MILK AND COOKIES.
COME ON, IT'S TEA.
THINK I DON'T KNOW
WHO I'M DEALING WITH?
[clears throat]
HOW YOU FEELING?
- TIRED AND SORE.
AND I CAN'T DO THIS PUZZLE
WITH MY HAND LIKE THIS.
- YOU KNOW, HONEY,
GARY'S GETTING A DUI,
AND IT'S
PRETTY...SERIOUS.
- [exhales]
OKAY.
- HOW DO YOU FEEL?
- OBVIOUSLY NOT GREAT.
I MEAN, LOOK AT ME.
IT'S...
- BUT WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
I MEAN...
- IT WAS AN ACCIDENT,
YOU KNOW?
- BUT, AMBER,
THIS IS AN ACCIDENT
THAT YOU ASKED FOR
IN A WAY.
- WELL, I WASN'T DRIVING,
OKAY?
AND I OBVIOUSLY
GOT REALLY MESSED UP.
- BUT YOU GOT
IN THE CAR WITH SOMEONE
WHO WAS CLEARLY...
I MEAN, HIS BLOOD-ALCOHOL
WAS THROUGH THE ROOF.
- I THOUGHT HE WAS FINE.
- DO YOU UNDERSTAND
THAT--THAT--
- I THINK I'VE
BEEN A'I'I'ACKED ENOUGH.
- I'M NOT ATI'ACKING YOU.
- WHAT ARE YOU--
- I'M AFRAID.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND IF--
- MOM, SHE'S OBVIOUSLY
NOT EVEN LISTENING.
- GET WHAT YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH.
- WHAT THE HELL
IS YOUR PROBLEM NOW?
- WHAT'S MY--
LOOK AT YOU.
I MEAN, DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT YOU PUT US THROUGH?
WHAT IF YOU HAD DIED?
- I GET IT.
WHAT ELSE
DO YOU WANT ME TO SAY?
- IT DOESN'T
SEEM LIKE YOU GET IT.
- I DON'T WANNA TALK ABOUT IT.
I GET IT.
OKAY?
- ALL RIGHT.
- OH, HEY, HONEY?
I MADE THE APPOINTMENT--
- YEAH?
- FOR MAX TO GET FI'I'I'ED
FOR A NEW RETAINER.
- NEW RETAINER?
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE OLD ONE?
- I TOLD YOU WE LOST IT,
REMEMBER?
- NO.
- YEAH, I DID TELL--
- YOU SAID
YOU COULDN'T FIND IT,
MEANING THAT
YOU WERE GOING TO.
- NO, THAT MEANS WE LOST IT.
- KRISTINA,
THOSE THINGS ARE EXPENSIVE.
LIKE $500.
- I AGREE, THEY'RE EXPEN--$700.
- I DON'T UNDERSTAND
HOW A SON LIKE OURS,
WHO CAN REMEMBER
THE MOST MEANINGLESS FACTS,
CAN'T REMEMBER
WHERE HE PUT HIS RETAINER.
- I KNOW IT'S FRUSTRATING,
BUT IT HAPPENS, OKAY?
- NO, YOU JUST GIVE ME SOME TIME
AND I'M GONNA FIND IT, OKAY?
- I'VE ALREADY LOOKED.
- I SAID I'M GONNA FIND IT,
I'M GONNA FIND IT.
- OKAY.
WELL, GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.
I'VE LOOKED EVERYWHERE.
ALSO, UM...
I TOOK HADDIE
TO THE GYNECOLOGIST.
- GREAT.
- SHE'S OFFICIALLY ON
THE PILL.
- SHE'S ON THE PILL.
[sighs]
ALL RIGHT, WELL.
HE STILL NEEDS TO WEAR A CONDOM.
- I AGREE.
- YOU NEED TO TELL HER THAT.
- I'LL TELL HER.
- 'CAUSE I KNOW HOW GUYS THINK.
HE'S THINKING
THAT SHE'S ON THE PILL,
SO HE DOESN'T
HAVE TO WEAR A CONDOM.
- HONEY, I KNOW.
IT'S WEIRD.
- MM-HMM!
- WOULD YOU LIKE ANY MORE?
- YES, PLEASE.
- OH, WOULD YOU LIKE
A CUPCAKE?
- YES.
- I WOULD LOVE A CUPCAKE.
- THAT ONE DOES NOT MATCH,
BUT THIS ONE DOES.
- THAT MATCHES?
- THAT MATCHES THE TEA.
- IT MATCHES THE TEA.
WELL...
- WELL, THAT'S WHAT I WANT.
- THAT'S A NO-BRAINER.
- AND ANYTHING ELSE?
EXTRA LUMPS OR ANYTHING?
- EXTRA LUMPS, YES.
- JUST, LIKE, FIVE LUMPS.
- OH, THIS IS ACTUALLY SUGAR.
I CAN'T USE THAT.
- OKAY.
- YEAH,
NO SUGAR, JUST LUMPS.
- I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
- GREAT.
- WE'LL BE HERE.
- SO. ..
SO ANYWAY.
YEAH, IT ENDED UP
BEING FINE.
BUT IT WAS TOO LATE
TO GET HER AN EPIDURAL,
AND SHE WAS
SCREAMING HYSTERICALLY.
I MEAN, IT WAS--
SHE WAS IN SO MUCH PAIN.
I FORGOT THE REALITY
OF GIVING BIRTH.
- YEAH.
- ACTUALLY, I'M JUST GLAD
THAT I DON'T HAVE
TO GO THROUGH THAT AGAIN.
- YEAH.
UH, IT'S GREAT THAT
YOU WERE THERE FOR HER.
- WELL, THANKS.
WE HAVE SUCH
AN AMAZING LIFE, JOEL.
THE THREE OF US.
DON'T NEED ANYTHING ELSE.
VERY HAPPY.
- WELL, HERE I COME.
- HELLO!
- HELLO.
- ALL RIGHT, UM...
"SUDDENLY HANNAH'S FAMILY
MATERIALIZES
SURROUNDING HER
ON THE COUCH."
- THE COUCH OPENS OUT
INTO A BED.
- REALLY? AWESOME.
- OH, JEEZ.
- OH, MY GOD.
- DAD?
- HONEY, YOU REALLY OUGHT
TO THINK THIS THING THROUGH.
HE'S A MAILMAN.
- HEY, GUYS IN UNIFORM ARE CUTE.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- TRYING TO KEEP YOU
FROM MAKING A TERRIBLE MISTAKE.
- WHY IS THERE NOTHING
IN THE FRIDGE?
DON'T MAILM EN EAT?
- HANNAH, YOU'RE
THROWING YOUR LIFE AWAY.
- PAUL, DON'T--DON'T
COME DOWN SO HARD ON HER.
- ME?
- LIKE WE TALKED ABOUT, YEAH.
- GIL?
- WHY DON'T WE GET THROUGH
THE PLAY ONCE
WITHOUT ANY INTERRUPTION?
- YES.
- IT'S THE ONLY WAY
WE'LL GET
A SENSE OF THE WHOLE.
- HANNAH, YOU'RE THROWING
YOUR LIFE AWAY.
- I'M LONELY, OKAY?
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE
SUCH A SNOB.
- OKAY, IF YOU
GO THROUGH WITH THIS,
I OFFICIALLY GIVE UP.
I MEAN IT, HANNAH.
IT'S OVER.
- YOU JUDGING ME IS OVER?
- CAN'T YOU SEE THAT EVERYTHING
I DO IS ONLY TRYING TO HELP?
BUT YOU NEVER SEEM TO GET THAT.
I WORKED SO HARD,
AND YOU CONTINUE TO
THROW YOUR LIFE DOWN THE TOILET.
- PAUL, I'M SO SORRY.
I JUST WANT--
I DON'T WANT YOU TO
GET STUCK DOING IT THIS WAY.
'CAUSE, UM--
LET ME SEE IF I CAN--
- YOU KNOW THIS
IS A READ-THROUGH, RIGHT?
- NO, NO--
- LET'S JUST TAKE FIVE.
- I DON'T WANNA DEAL WITH THIS.
- I'M JUST TRYING
TO GET IT RIGHT.
- I APPRECIATE THE OPPORTUNITY,
GIL, I REALLY DO,
BUT LIFE IS TOO SHORT.
- I--WHY ARE ACTORS
SO SENSITIVE?
- I'M NOT BEING SENSITIVE.
- I'M JUST TRYING TO
GET IT THE WAY IT SHOULD BE.
- I'M SORRY,
YOUR PLAY'S NOT GOOD ENOUGH
FOR ME TO PUT UP WITH YOU.
- SHUT UP PLEASE AND BE QUIET!
AND I THINK
I NEED FIVE MINUTES OFF.
- I'M TAKING FIVE.
I'M TAKING FIVE.
- ARE WE DONE?
- WELL, THIS IS A BLAST.
- SARAH, SARAH, PLEASE.
- I JUST NEED A MINUTE, DAD.
- HOLD UP, BABY.
GOD.
SARAH...
HONEY, LOOK.
REALLY, HOLD.
I REALLY THINK
YOU KINDA LET THE ACTORS
GO THROUGH IT
A COUPLE OF TIMES,
BEFORE YOU START--
- I KNOW, I KNOW.
DAD, I'M COMPLETELY...
I'M--YOU KNOW...
I'M, LIKE, NUMB INSIDE.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW...
I JUST KEEP THINKING
OF WHAT COULD'VE HAPPENED.
AND YOU KNOW,
I COULD HAVE LOST HER.
I DON'T THINK SHE LEARNED
ANYTHING FROM THAT ACCIDENT.
AND I'M JUST...
I'M TERRIFIED THAT--
I'M TERRIFIED.
- HEY.
YOU SHOW HER THE PLACE?
- UH...YEAH,
SHE HASN'T COME OVER.
- [sighs]
[The Walkmen's
While I Shovel The Snow]
- WELL, THEY SAY
CAN'T PLEASE EVERYONE
BUT I'M STUCK
- THANKS FOR
LETTING ME COME OVER.
- ON A WINNING STREAK
- YOU SAID IT WAS URGENT.
- UM...
UM, I JUST WANNA SAY SORRY.
I'M SORRY
WE FOUGHT OVER DISHES,
AND I'M SORRY
I HAD AN AFFAIR.
I'M SORRY I DID THAT
TO YOU AND OUR SON.
I LOVE YOU,
AND I'M ALWAYS
GONNA BE THERE FOR JABBAR.
AND I WISH THERE
WAS SOMETHING I COULD DO
TO MAKE EVERYTHING RIGHT,
YOU KNOW?
SAY SOMETHING MAGICAL,
OR BUY YOU A HOUSE.
BUT...
IT'S NOT GONNA WORK.
AND I DON'T WANT YOU
TO FEEL WEIRD AROUND ME.
I SCREWED UP.
IT'S ALL ME.
AND I WANT YOU
TO FEEL FREEDOM,
MOVE ON WITH YOUR LIFE.
I'M NOT GONNA
PURSUE YOU ANYMORE.
UM...
THAT'S IT.
- [sighs]
[knock at door]
- CAN YOU PUT YOUR BOOK DOWN
AND GIVE ME YOUR ATTENTION?
MAX?
- DID YOU KNOW THAT THERE ARE
SCORPIONS THAT CAN
SURVIVE ON ONLY ONE MEAL
FOR THE WHOLE YEAR?
- NO.
I DID NOT KNOW THAT.
NOW, LISTEN, RIGHT NOW WE'RE NOT
GONNA TALK ABOUT BUGS, OKAY?
WE ARE GOING TO FIGURE OUT
WHERE YOUR RETAINER IS.
- IT'S LOST.
- I KNOW IT'S LOST, MAX,
BUT IT HASN'T DISAPPEARED
FOREVER, RIGHT?
NOW LET'S USE
THAT GOOD MEMORY OF YOURS.
[sighs]
MAX.
- DAD, HEY!
- I JUST NEED YOU TO
SHIl-T YOUR FOCUS, OKAY?
- DAD, THAT'S NOT WHERE IT GOES!
- WE'LL GET IT IN A MINUTE.
I NEED YOU
TO JUST FOCUS, OKAY?
- I ALREADY TALKED
ABOUT THIS WITH MOM.
- I KNOW YOU TALKED ABOUT IT
WITH YOUR MOTHER,
BUT NOW YOU'RE
GONNA TALK ABOUT IT WITH ME.
WHERE'S THE LAST PLACE
YOU SAW YOUR RETAINER?
- IF I KNEW THAT,
THEN I'D KNOW WHERE IT WAS,
AND WE'D FIND IT.
- YES, MAX.
THAT'S A VERY GOOD POINT.
LET'S THINK OF ALL
THE PLACES YOU WERE
THE DAY YOU LOST IT.
WE'LL MAKE A LIST.
WE'LL DO IT TOGETHER, ALL RIGHT?
LET ME GRAB A PEN.
MAX!
ALL RIGHT, TELL YOU WHAT,
YOU CAN HAVE YOUR BOOK, OKAY?
- NO, DAD, THAT PEN'S
NOT FOR WRITING.
THAT PEN IS FOR COLORING!
- MAX, I'LL PUT IT RIGHT BACK.
- THAT'S NOT WHAT THIS--
- YOU WERE IN YOUR ROOM...
YOU WERE IN THE KITCHEN.
- CAN'T YOU JUST
BUY ANOTHER ONE?
- NO, WE CAN'T.
THEY'RE $700, MAX!
- THEN GO TO THE ATM!
- YOU CAN'T JUST GO
TO AN ATM AND GET MONEY--
MAX, LET GO.
MAX, I WANT YOU
TO SIT DOWN RIGHT NOW.
MAX, SIT DOWN!
[sighs]
- ARE YOU...MAD AT ME
BECAUSE I HAVE ASPERGER'S?
- NO, MAX, I'M NOT--
I'M NOT MAD AT YOU
BECAUSE YOU HAVE ASPERGER'S.
NEVER.
[sighs]
[seagulls screeching]
- SO...
WHAT'S THIS ALL ABOUT?
- I WANT YOU
TO SEE SOMETHING.
- [sighs]
- RECOGNIZE IT?
- [sniffs]
YEAH, IT'S...THE CAR.
IT'S GARY'S CAR.
- MM-HMM.
COME HERE.
TAKE A LOOK.
YOU LOOKIN'?
- YEAH.
I SEE IT.
- AMBER...
YOU KNOW, I WAS
TWO YEARS IN VIETNAM.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT I THOUGHT ABOUT?
WHAT I DREAMT ABOUT?
WAS COMING HOME.
AND HAVING A FAMILY.
HAVING GRANDKIDS.
I DREAMT YOU, AMBER.
AND HADDIE.
AND DREW.
AND SYDNEY.
JABBAR.
AND MAX.
AND WE ALMOST LOST YOU, AMBER.
I KNOW YOU'VE HAD
SOME BAD BREAKS.
NOT FEELING
GOOD ABOUT YOURSELF.
YOU DIDN'T
GET INTO BERKELEY.
WELL, BOO-FREAKING-HOO.
YOU GOTTA
SUCK IT UP, GIRL.
YOU'RE A BRAVERMAN.
YOU GOT MY BLOOD
IN YOUR VEINS.
YOU EVER DO
SOMETHING LIKE THIS AGAIN--
YOU EVEN THINKABOUT
DOING SOMETHING LIKE THIS,
I WILL PERSONALLY
KICK YOUR LITTLE BUTT
ALL THE WAY FROM HERE
TO THE GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE.
YOU DO NOT HAVE MY PERMISSION
TO MESS WITH MY DREAMS.
ARE WE CLEAR?
- [sobbing]
I'M SORRY.
[crying]
- GOOD.
- [crying]
- I'LL BUY YOU A BURGER.
[knock at door]
- HEY.
UH, LISTEN, CORY,
I JUST WANNA CLEAR THE AIR.
I'M REALLY SORRY
FOR LOSING IT.
I HAD NO RIGHT TO DO THAT.
I JUST HAD A LATE NIGHT,
WAS AT THE HOSPITAL, AND...
LOOK, THE TRUTH IS,
NO MATTER
WHAT I FEEL ABOUT EDDIE,
THIS IS YOUR COMPANY,
YOU HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO HIRE
AND FIRE WHOEVER YOU WANT
WITHOUT CONSULTING ME.
I JUST WISH YOU WOULD.
I WAS OUT OF LINE,
SO I'M SORRY.
- YOU'RE NOT HAPPY HERE,
ADAM.
- WHAT?
- AT THIS JOB.
ARE YOU?
- I'M FINE.
IT'S FINE.
- I FEEL LIKE ANY TIME
I DO SOMETHING--
CHOOSE A NEW DIRECTION...
- MM-HMM.
- EXPRESS MYSELF,
I FEEL LIKE
YOU'RE JUST JUDGING ME...
AS OPPOSED TO JOINING ME.
- I'M NOT, I'M--
- AND THAT REALLY HURTS, MAN.
TRUTH BE TOLD.
- OKAY.
- IT MAKES IT
REALLY HARD FOR ME.
I REALLY RESPECT YOU
AND THE WORK THAT YOU DO.
- THANK YOU.
- BUT I JUST DON'T THINK
THIS IS A GOOD FIT FOR YOU.
- ARE YOU FIRING ME?
- I'M LETTING YOU GO.
- OH.
UGH.
[sighs]
- I'M REALLY SORRY, MAN.
- TH ERE'S--
TH ERE'S AUNT SARAH.
- HI.
- OH!
SO GLAD TO SEE YOU.
I'M REALLY NERVOUS.
- I'M NOT NERVOUS.
- OKAY, GOOD.
WELL, YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE.
JUST DON'T LIE
IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT, OKAY?
- DON'T LIE?
- NO.
- TRUTH?
- YES.
- HEY.
I'M SORRY.
I'M REALLY SORRY.
FOR BEING SO STUPID.
DO YOU THINK THAT YOU COULD
PLEASE FORGIVE ME NOW
AND BE MY FRIEND?
BECAUSE
I DON'T LIKE ANYBODY ELSE.
- YEAH, I THINK
I CAN BE YOUR FRIEND.
- [giggIeS]
- [chuckles]
- THANK YOU.
I FEEL BETTER ALREADY.
- IS IT SOLD OUT NOW?
- I DON'T KNOW. NO.
BUT IT'S FULL.
OKAY, I HAVE TO GO CHECK
BACKSTAGE, ACTUALLY.
- OKAY.
- BUT I'LL SEE YOU IN THE HOUSE.
- YES, YOU WILL, YOU BETTER.
- I'M GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
- DON'T DITCH US.
[laughter]
- MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM?
- MAX...
NO, I DON'T.
- HADDIE, HONEY, DO YOU
HAVE YOUR CELL PHONE WITH YOU?
- NO, I FORGOT.
- WE'RE LATE.
- SHE HAS TO FIGHT GIDEON.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I FORGOT THAT.
- YEAH.
BUT THEN, WHAT DO THEY CALL--
- HEY, HOW ARE YOU GUYS?
- HI.
HOW WAS WORK?
- UH...
IT WAS...QUITE A DAY.
- GOOD.
GOOD.
- HEY, GOT YOUR FAVORITE.
CANDY.
[chatter overlaps]
- ALL RIGHT,
LET'S JUST GO IN.
- CANDY, THANK YOU, ALEX.
- COME ON, GUYS.
LET'S GO.
- MR. BRAVERMAN?
- YEAH.
- HEY, UM...
I JUST WANTED
TO LET YOU KNOW THAT
I LOVE YOUR DAUGHTER,
AND I WILL ALWAYS
RESPECT HER.
- ANYTHING ELSE?
- NOPE.
JUST--JUST--JUST--
GUESS THAT'S IT.
- WEAR A CONDOM.
- YES, SIR.
- WHAT?
- THAT'S
WHAT I'M HOPING FOR.
SO THANK YOU,
THANK YOU.
- YOU'RE NOT GONNA EAT
ALL THAT CANDY.
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
- AUNT SARAH.
- HEY.
- HEY, SARAH.
- I'M REALLY SORRY FOR
WHAT I SAID AT THE HOSPITAL.
I HAVE ASPERGER'S.
- THAT'S OKAY, MAX.
THANKS.
- AND I'M ALSO REALLY GLAD
THAT AMBER DIDN'T DIE.
AND ALSO, IF SHE DID, YOU
WOULD'VE HAD TO GO TO A FUNERAL
AND WOULD PROBABLY BE
TOO SAD TO COME HERE TODAY.
AND WE WOULDN'T BE HERE.
- THAT'S REALLY TRUE.
YOU KNOW, MAX,
THIS IS A BIG NIGHT FOR ME,
AND I'M REALLY NERVOUS.
WOULD YOU MIND
SITTING NEXT TO ME?
- SURE.
- AWESOME.
OKAY, OUR SEATS
ARE B-107 AND B-108.
- OKAY.
- YOU REMEMBER THAT?
- SURE.
- WHO AM I ASKING?
OF COURSE.
OKAY, I'LL SEE YOU.
- BREAK A LEG.
- THANKS.
- YEAH, BREAK A LEG.
- WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT?
IF SHE BROKE A LEG--
- IT'S JUST AN EXPRESSION, MAX.
- BUT THAT'S
A TERRIBLE THEATRE EXPRESSION.
[floorboards creak]
- [gasps] OH! HI.
IT'S SO FULL.
- SARAH.
- YEAH?
- I JUST--I WANTED TO APOLOGIZE
ABOUT THE REHEARSAL EARLIER.
- YEAH, NO, ME TOO.
- THANKS.
I HAVE A LOT GOING ON.
THANKS FOR COMING BACK.
- NO, I JUST WANNA SAY
THAT THESE WORDS ARE INCREDIBLE.
AND I'M GONNA DO EVERYTHING
I CAN TO DO THEM JUSTICE.
- GOD. THANKS, PAUL.
- THANK YOU.
- WOW.
OKAY, THANKS.
- BREAK A LEG TONIGHT?
- SURE, YEAH.
- OKAY, GOOD.
- THANK YOU.
- YOU'RE THE BEST.
YOU GUYS LOVE TO HUG.
ACTORS LOVE TO HUG.
- WE'RE GONNA DO A GREAT JOB.
- THANK YOU.
- WE'RE GONNA KNOCK THEM DEAD.
- OKAY.
OH, OKAY.
- IT'S A PRIVILEGE.
THANK YOU.
- THANK YOU.
- ARE YOU NERVOUS?
- YEAH.
- DON'T WORRY ABOUT A THING,
HONEY.
ZEEK BRAVERMAN'S
PLAYING BARRY.
- [laughing]
GO GET 'EM, DAD.
- OKAY.
- WOW.
EVERYONE'S SO NICE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
- I TOLD THEM
YOUR DAUGHTER DIED.
- WHAT?
- YOU KNOW, THE COUCH
OPENS UP INTO A BED.
- REALLY?
WELL, I GUESS IT DOESN'T
OPEN OUT ON ITS OWN.
[laughter]
- YOU KNOW, YOU'RE REALLY COOL.
- THANK YOU.
- I'VE BEEN DELIVERING PACKAGES
FOR SIX YEARS,
AND I'VE NEVER HOOKED UP
WITH ANYBODY WHO'S
ANSWERED THE DOOR, YOU KNOW?
- UM, WOW.
THANK YOU.
[chuckles]
HOW ABOUT WE JUST DON'T TALK?
[audience ohs]
NOT TALKING
WOULD JUST BE SO GREAT.
- RIGHT ON.
SO YOU WANNA DO IT?
- TOTALLY.
- YEAH.
- AH, JEEZ.
- DAD?
- THE GUY PLAYING DAD
DOESN'T LOOK ANYTHING LIKE DAD.
- YOU GOTTA THINK THIS THROUGH,
SWEETHEART.
HE'S A MAILMAN.
- HEY, GUYS IN UNIFORM ARE CUTE.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- TRYING TO KEEP YOU
FROM MAKING A TERRIBLE MISTAKE.
- IT'S NOT
THE FIRST ONE, EITHER.
- WELL, THIS IS
SO NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS.
GOD, JUST GET OUT OF HERE.
- HAPPY TO.
THIS IS GROSSING ME OUT.
- GOOD JOB, GRANDPA.
- YOU READY, CUTIE?
- NO.
- HUH?
- OH, I'M SORRY, YES.
I MEAN, YES.
[giggIeS]
- COME ON,
THAT'S ALL IT TAKES?
"YOU READY?"
GOOD GOD, WE RAISED YOU
BETTER THAN THAT.
- YOU KNOW,
I'M LONELY, OKAY?
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO BE SUCH A SNOB.
- HEY, HEY, HEY,
I'M LONELY TOO, BABY.
[laughter]
- HEY, SWEETIE.
EVERYTHING OKAY?
- [sobbing] I'M FINE.
GO IN--GO BACK IN.
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
- YOU FEELING OKAY?
- I'M FINE.
I'M JUST FEELING EMOTIONAL.
- WHAT'S THE MATTER?
HONEY!
- I'M SORRY THAT
I PUT YOU THROUGH THAT.
AND I LOVE YOU, AND I PROMISE
I'LL BE SAFE AND SMART.
- THAT'S ALL
I WAS WORRIED ABOUT.
THAT'S ALL
- I'M SORRY,
I'M SO SCARED.
AND JUST
LOOKING AT EVERYBODY HERE
AND THINKING THAT
I COULDN'T SEE THEM AGAIN
AND I COULDN'T BE HERE
AND SEE YOUR PLAY.
LOOK WHAT YOU DID.
THERE'S PEOPLE,
AND THEY LOVE IT.
AND I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
AND YOU--YOU SAY YOU
DON'T WANT ME TO BE LIKE YOU,
BUT I WANNA BE LIKE THIS.
THIS IS AMAZING
WHAT YOU'VE DONE.
- I DON'T KNOW
WHETHER TO HUG YOU
BECAUSE
I DON'T WANNA HURT YOU.
- I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
- OH, HONEY.
THANK YOU
FOR TELLING ME THAT.
I LOVE YOU.
I WAS SO WORRIED ABOUT YOU,
YOU KNOW?
- I KNOW.
I'M SORRY.
- I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE OKAY.
- OKAY, I DON'T
WANNA MISS THE ENDING,
SO I'M GONNA GO BACK IN.
[both laughing]
- REALLY? YOU WANNA GO
TO THE BATHROOM OR SOMETHING?
- NO.
I LOOK GREAT.
- SO, COLBY, YOU STILL
GOIN' OUT WITH THE STRIPPER?
- OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
NOW, SHE IS NOT A STRIPPER.
SHE DOES BURLESQUE.
THERE IS A DIFFERENCE.
- HE LOOKS SO MUCH LIKE YOU
WITHOUT MY GLASSES.
- YOU HAVE
A LOW OPINION OF ME.
- I DON'T THINK
THIS TREE HOUSE CAN HOLD US ALL.
- OH, COME ON, DAD BUILT IT.
- YOU JUST MADE MY POINT.
- HE JUST
HAS THE SAME HAIRCUT.
- NO,
YOU HAVE BETTER HAIR.
- IT'S A BEAUTIFUL DAY TODAY
FOR BASEBALL, FOLKS.
WE'VE GOT
THE HOME TEAM RETURNING
FROM A SIX-GAME ROAD TRIP.
YOU KNOW, THE FIRST TIME
I SAW YOUR MOTHER,
WE WERE AT A BASEBALL GAME.
- YEAH, I KNOW, DAD.
- YEP.
I KNOW YOU KNOW.
I KNOW I'VE TOLD YOU BEFORE.
I WAN NA TALK ABOUT
YOUR MOTHER.
I MEAN, SO SUE ME.
- I LOVE YOU, DAD.
- YEAH.
YEAH.
[applause]
[Bowerbirds'
House of Diamonds]
- YOU ARE
FREE FROM THE LUST
FOR THE LUSTER
OF THE DIAMOND HOUSES
IN THE CITY'S CLUSTER
FROM YOUR OWN EGO
- AUTHOR!
AUTHOR!
- FROM YOUR OWN BLUNDER
[cheers and applause]
YES, YOU OWN THE STARS,
YOU OWN THE THUNDER
BUT YOU HAVE TO SHARE
YES, YOU OWN THE STARS...
- DAD, BE COOL.
- WAY TO GO.
BUT YOU HAVE TO SHARE
YOU ARE FREE
YOU ARE ALREADY FREE
YOU ARE
AL-L-L-L-L-L-READY FREE
- THAT'S A BIG SMILE.
- WHAT DO BABIES
DREAM ABOUT?
- OH, I DON'T KNOW,
BABY THINGS.
CUTE LITTLE BABY THINGS.
- NO LIFE EXPERIENCE.
- UM...
- OH, MY GOD.
- HI.
- GOD, DIDN'T WANNA
INTERRUPT FAMILY TIME.
- GET IN HERE.
HONEY, THIS IS JULIA.
SHE'S THE ONE
WHO DID YOUR JOB.
- THANK YOU SO MUCH.
YOU'RE LIKE A ROCK STAR
AROUND HERE.
- YEAH, NO PROBLEM.
WELL, I CAME
TO BRING YOU THIS.
I DON'T NEED IT ANYMORE.
- YEAH, I TOLD HER
WE DIDN'T HAVE A CAR SEAT
BECAUSE I WAS INSANE.
- YOU'RE OFFICIALLY
MY HERO.
THANK YOU.
- SURE.
- SO THIS IS CHRISTOPHER.
- OH, MY GOD.
- HE'S MY LITTLE ANGEL.
- HI.
- AW!
- WAS THAT FOR ME?
THAT LITTLE SMILE.
- [giggIeS]
DID YOU WANNA HOLD HIM?
- OKAY.
- WANNA GO TO JULIA?
YOU WANNA GO MEET JULIA.
YEAH.
- OH, HI, BUDDY.
[baby snuffling]
- HEY.
HEY, THERE.
OH, YOUR MOMMY'S SO LUCKY.
LOOK AT YOU.
SHE'S SO LUCKY.
HE'S REALLY BEAUTIFUL.
I FORGOT
WHAT THIS WAS LIKE.
- HIYA, HOT STUFF.
- HEY.
- HI.
HOW ARE YOU?
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING UP
SO LATE?
- JUST, UM...
JUST READING.
- LISTEN, KRISTINA,
I HAVE SOMETHING TO TELL YOU.
- OKAY, I HAVE SOMETHING
TO TELL YOU TOO.
YOU GO FIRST.
- GO AHEAD.
-_ NO.
[giggIeS]
YOU GO.
- [sighs]
- WHAT?
- I GOT FIRED.
- YOU GOT--
- YEAH, I LOST IT ON CORY,
AND HE FIRED ME.
- TODAY?
- TODAY.
I JUST COULDN'T TELL YOU.
- WHO CAR--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T LIKE HIM ANYWAY.
AND YOU DON'T
LIKE IT THERE, SO--
- WE'RE GONNA BE ALL RIGHT.
WE GOT SOME SAVINGS.
- I KNOW.
- AND I CAN GET A JOB.
- HONEY, ADAM, LISTEN.
- QUICKLY, SO.
- STOP.
- IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
- YOU'VE NEVER LET
THIS FAMILY DOWN, OKAY?
WE'RE GONNA BE FINE.
WE CAN GET
THROUGH THIS TOGETHER.
OKAY?
- WHAT DID
YOU WANNA TELL ME?
- I FOUND AN ORTHODONTIST
THAT CAN MAKE MAX'S RETAINER
FOR $400 INSTEAD OF $700--
- KRISTINA.
- I KNOW.
- NOW IS NOT THE TIME, KRISTINA.
I TOLD YOU I WOULD FIND IT,
AND I'M GONNA FIND IT.
I HAVEN'T LOOKED IN
THE TRASH YET,
AND DAMN IT,
I'M GONNA FIND THAT RETAINER.
- [television]
NO, DON'T TELL ME, LET ME GUESS.
WE ARE A BRIDE
IN SEARCH OF A WEDDING.
- NO.
- NO?
- THERE IS A WEDDING...
- HEY.
- UM...
TRY IT AGAIN.
[television chatter
continues]
- HEY.
[Scott Ainslie's Hard Times
Come Again No More]
- LET US PAUSE
IN LIFE'S PLEASURES
AND COUNT
ITS MANY TEARS
WHY WE ALL SUP SORROW
WITH THE POOR
THERE'S A SONG
THAT WILL LINGER
FOREVER IN OUR EARS
OH, HARD TIMES
COME AGAIN NO MORE
'TIS THE SONG
- HEY.
HOW WAS THE HOSPITAL?
- HARD TIMES, HARD TIMES
- I'M NOT DONE.
- COME AGAIN NO MORE
- I WANT ANOTHER BABY.
- MANY DAYS
HAVE YOU LINGERED
- I WANT TO ADOPT.
- AROUND MY CABIN DOOR
WILL YOU?
- OH, HARD TIMES
COME AGAIN NO MORE
WHILE WE SEEK
MIRTH AND BEAUTY
AND MUSIC BRIGHT
AND GAY
THERE
ARE FRAIL FORMS
FAINTING BY THE DOOR
THOUGH THEIR VOICES
ARE SILENT
THEIR HAUNTING LOOKS
WILL SAY
OH, HAR--
- KRISTINA,
I AM GOING TO KILL HIM.
- I AM SORRY ABOUT THE RETA--
- THAT LITTLE SON OF A BITCH
LOOKED ME IN THE EYE
EARLIER TONIGHT
AND PROMISED ME
THAT HE WOULD USE A CONDOM.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALK--
- APPARENTLY HE WAS LYING TO ME.
- OH.
- BECAUSE HE KNOCKED UP
OUR DAUGHTER.
- OKAY, HEY, WAIT A MIN--
- LOOK WHAT I FOUND
IN THE TRASH.
- NOT FAIR.
YOU KNOW WHAT, HONEY?
HE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
- WHY CAN'T ANYTHING GO RIGHT?
WHY CAN'T A SINGLE THING
GO RIGHT AROUND HERE?
WHY DO I HAVE
TO DEAL WITH THIS?
- CALM DOWN, CALM DOWN.
- WHAT?
- EVERYTHING IS OKAY.
- HOW CAN I CALM DOWN?
- IT'S ME.
- OUR 16-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER
IS PREGNANT!
- IT'S ME.
- WHAT?
- IT'S...ME.
ADAM, I'M PREGNANT.
I AM SO SORRY, I...
- HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
- EH...
THAT NIGHT AFTER
THE MEXICAN RESTAURANT,
I'M THINKING.
- KRISTINA.
- WE HAD ALL THOSE MARGARITAS.
- I JUST LOST MY JOB.
- HONEY, I KNOW.
- [chuckles] OH, MY GOD.
- I'LL GET A JOB.
I'LL DO SOMETHING.
I JUST--I DON'T--
- COME HERE, COME HERE.
[laughing]
- WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING?
- [laughing]
I DON'T KNOW.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
- I KNOW.
YOU'RE NOT--ARE YOU MAD?
- [chuckles]
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I AM.
- YOU'RE--WELL...
I MEAN, I'LL RAISE IT.
- YOU'LL RAISE IT?
- I FOUND MY RETAINER!
OH, MY--DAD, IT WAS
IN GUACAMOLE'S CAGE!
- [laughing]
- I AM AWESOME!
I AM TOTALLY,
TOTALLY AWESOME.
- OKAY, I DON'T KNOW--
- COME HERE.
- YOU'RE NOT MAD?
- I'M NOT MAD, HONEY.
- OKAY.
- I'M FREAKED OUT.
BUT I'M NOT MAD.
- I'M REAL, REAL SCARED,
BUT I'M HAPPY.
YOU HAPPY?
- YEAH.
YEAH.
- OKAY.
- [laughing]
I'M HAPPY.
- OKAY.
WE'RE HAVING A BABY.
- [laughing]
- AROUND MY CABIN DOOR
OH, HARD TIMES
COME AGAIN NO MORE
MM, HARD TIMES